feat: add documentation for hub api (#28)
jina-ai/docs: chapters/hub/hub-api.md

# Jina Hub API Reference

Jina Hub API allows users to :`login`: to Hub, :`list`:, :`build`:, :`push`: and create :`new`: Hub images with configurable parameters. This guide covers installing and setting up the API for a seamless experience with the Hub.

## Install:
Run `pip install "jina[hub]"`

> ## `jina hub list`:

Reviewer: Can you use **J**ina **H**ub list: ? Same for all the others?

Reviewer 2: `jina hub list` is a CLI command (since it's wrapped in backticks) so it should be in the format as currently written.

Whether the command itself should be the section heading is another matter. I have no strong opinion on it. However, if we do change the section heading we need to be more explicit about the command in the text below (i.e. `jina hub list`, not just `hub list`)

Author: Yes, the heading looks good with the command itself

`hub list` interface helps the user to retrieve information related to Executor images in the Hub.
The following filters are accepted:
 `name` corresponding to image name

>  `kind` corresponding to the kind of hub image (Indexer / Encoder / Segmenter / Crafter / Evaluator / Ranker etc)

Reviewer 2: Hub

 `type` indicating either Pod or app
 `keywords` for filtering on specific terms like `sklearn`,  etc.

`list` could be used for listing both local as well as remote images.

## `jina hub new`:
Jina provides an easy-to-use interface for spinning up an Executor or an app

> ### Create a new executor

Reviewer 2: Executor

`jina hub new --type pod`

> It will start a wizard in the CLI to guide you in creating your first executor. The resulting file structure should look like the following:

Reviewer 2: Executor

```
MyAwesomeExecutor/
├── Dockerfile
├── manifest.yml
├── README.md
├── requirements.txt
├── __init__.py
└── tests/
    ├── test_MyAwesomeExecutor.py
    └── __init__.py
```

### Create a new app
`jina hub new --type app`
It will start a wizard in the CLI to guide you in creating your app.

## `jina hub login`

> Login to Jina Hub using your GitHub credentials. This is required for pushing your executor to Jina Hub.

Reviewer 2: Executor

Usage:
`jina hub login` : 
Copy/paste the token into GitHub to verify your account

## `jina hub build`
To test your Pod/app locally, use the `build` command as follows:

`jina hub build /MyAwesomeExecutor/`
More Hub CLI usage can be found via `jina hub build --help`
 
## `jina hub push`
`push` is the command for publishing your Pod to the Hub
`jina hub push jinahub/type.kind.jina-image-name:image-jina_version`
 
### Naming conventions

> All apps and executors should follow the naming convention:

Reviewer 2: Executors

`jinahub/type.kind.jina-image-name:image-jina_version`
 
For example:

> `jinahub/app.app.wikipedia-sentences:0.0.1-1.0.0` (use default jina hub new version, and stable Jina version) 

Reviewer 2: use default `jina hub new` version

> # Hub API

Reviewer: Jina Hub API Reference (Aligns with other api naming titles.)

> Jina Hub exposes several handy commands, namely `list`, `build` and `push` with configurable parameters. These APIs constitute the user’s experience using `jina cli` for a seamless experience with the Hub.

Reviewer: Can you provide a short summary of this guide in two sentences? 

Something like: Jina Hub API allows users to do x,y,z. This guide covers installing and setting up the API.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can link those terms to the summary? in rst is just with :term: ` Jina Hub ` and then we have the definition there?

Author: I've updated the summary and linked the terms with `::`, confirming on the preview

> Jina Hub exposes several handy commands, namely `list`, `build` and `push` with configurable parameters. These APIs constitute the user’s experience using `jina cli` for a seamless experience with the Hub.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Jina Hub exposes several handy commands, namely `list`, `build` and `push` with configurable parameters. These APIs constitute users' experience using `jina cli` for a seamless experience with the Hub.
```

Reviewer 3: Why is "These APIs constitute the user’s experience" not correct?

Reviewer 4: `the` suggests that we are referring to a particular user we have referenced before.

Reviewer 4: UnknownName is better than theUnkownName :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

Author: Changed the line to `This guide covers installing and setting up the API for a seamless experience with the Hub.`, so we are not referring to the user explicitly anymore

> ## `jina hub` installation:

Reviewer 2: Change to `## Install Jina Hub` or maybe just `## Install`

**Jina Hub** not `jina hub` because we're talking about installing the Jina Hub project, not using the `jina hub` CLI command

@FionnD do we have a standard for this? I've seen:
- `Installing Jina`
- `Install Jina`
- `Set up Jina`
- `Setup Jina`
- `Set-up Jina`
- `Jina Installation`
- `Jina setup` (plus variants of word `setup` like above)

Reviewer: No we don't have a standard. I'll add it to my notes to improve the style guide.

> `hub cli` can be installed using pip, run `pip install "jina[hub]"`

Reviewer 2: Could replace this whole sentence with

```sh
pip install jina[hub]
```

It doesn't really need additional context

## `jina hub list`:

> `hub list` interface helps the user to retrieve information related to executor images in the Hub.

Reviewer 2: **E**xecutor

> It accepts filters like:

Reviewer: The following filters are accepted: 
(like is very informal)

 `name` corresponding to image name
 `kind` corresponding to the kind of hub image (indexer / encoder / segmenter / crafter / evaluator / ranker etc)
 `type` indicating either pod or app
 `keywords` for filtering on specific terms like `sklearn`,  etc.

`list` could be used for listing both local as well as remote images.

## `jina hub new`:

> Jina provides an easy to use interface for spinning up an executor or an app

Reviewer 2: easy-to-use

**E**xecutor

Reviewer: Line 13, pull all images in capital letters. Line 14, pod should be capital.

### Create a new executor
`jina hub new --type pod`

> It will start a wizard in CLI to guide you create your first executor. The resulted file structure should look like the following:

Reviewer 2: Executor

Reviewer 2: `resulted` -> `resulting`

Reviewer: It will start a wizard in **the** CLI to guide you **in creating** your first executor.

```
MyAwesomeExecutor/
├── Dockerfile
├── manifest.yml
├── README.md
├── requirements.txt
├── __init__.py
└── tests/
    ├── test_MyAwesomeExecutor.py
    └── __init__.py
```

### Create a new app
`jina hub new --type app`

> It will start a wizard in CLI to guide you create your app.

Reviewer 2: @theUnkownName 's doc on project setup covers this already. Can we link to that instead?

Reviewer: It will start a wizard in **the** CLI to guide you **in creating** your app.

Author: Keeping the wizard description for having complete documentation for hub as this is user's first entry point to the Hub project

## `jina hub login`

> Login to Jina Hub using your Github credentials. This is required for pushing your executor to Jina Hub.

Reviewer 2: Git**H**ub

Usage:
`jina hub login` : 
Copy/paste the token into GitHub to verify your account

## `jina hub build`

> To test your pod/app locally, use the `build` command as follows:

Reviewer 2: **P**od

jina hub build /MyAwesomeExecutor/

> More Hub CLI usage can be found via jina hub build --help

Reviewer 2: Wrap command in backticks

 
## `jina hub push`
`push` is the command for publishing your Pod to the Hub
`jina hub push jinahub/type.kind.jina-image-name:image-jina_version`
 
### Naming conventions
All apps and executors should follow the naming convention:
`jinahub/type.kind.jina-image-name:image-jina_version`
 
For example:

> `jinahub/app.app.jina-wikipedia-sentences-30k:0.2.0-0.8.2`

Reviewer 2: `jinahub/app.app.wikipedia-sentences:0.0.1-1.0.0` (use default `jina hub new` version, and stable Jina version)

Most examples don't specifically mention `jina` after `jinahub` now. (I've tweaked wikipedia Hub image name to reflect that too)

> For detailed information, please refer to the [jina-hub repository here].(https://github.com/jina-ai/jina-hub)

Reviewer 2: jina-hub -> Jina Hub

Can remove `here`
